README.md, before:

# Opfundsync

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.2.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Initial Commit of version 2023 of OFS. Using Angular 15.2.7; NodeJs: 18.10.0; Typescript: 4.9.5; with NPM: 9.6.4.  More details are available within the README.md file. Connected to both Github and Azure (Git).

README.md, after:

# Opfundsync

## Project Info
This is version 3 of this project (Flex - 1 and 2019 - 2), using the latest version of Angular, Node, and Typescript. This project had to be recreated as upgrading from version 7 generated a large number of issues that made it difficult to recover from, to include changes in bootstrapping, which was plaguing Angular 14. Currently, bootstrap is installed and operating as expected.  Will need to slowly incorporate the previous functionality, one section at a time, to avoid crashing the app. 

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.2.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
